more people have been to the
moon and some of the places that
I've been to
i'm here to collect samples of
plant sites that were deposited
in caves over thousands and
thousands of years no one has
constructed a cave based on it
record for green and before and
I think that's just because
caves containing power side
there are so remote three days
still walking the rocks are so
loose it's like surfing on
Marvel's one of the best things
about fieldwork is that there's
always surprises but right at
the back of the case even the
ice and this is what we see your
most of the caves so far but
this one's got quite an
interesting because we found
remnants of a dead bird the bird
is not modern it's definitely
old the different layers count
sites are like tree rings or
different laser nice cause and I
can use a different ways to
construct a record of climate
change for this region
I really like the remoteness of
case i like the journey that you
go on and even when you've been
in a cave before you still see
new things every time you get
ready
we got a sample and the best
part of my job is that I get to
go and see these absolutely
amazing places and produce
something that is hopefully
valuable to all of us in the
future you know that maybe we
should take some more whole
analysis approximately 2,000
below the whales come here every
summer to Walter scan socialized
raise their young and just below
the party